root/ruby/README.md, before:

# Ruby

[The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-ruby-on-rails-developer-course/)

## Projects
- [MessageMe](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/message_me)
  - Real time messaging app from [this chapter](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/realtime.md)
- [FinanceTracker](https://github.com/hungrypc/rails_stock_tracker_app)
  - Stock tracking social media app from [this chapter](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/stocktracker.md)

## Chapters

- [The Ruby Programming Language](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/ruby.md)
- [Introduction to Ruby on Rails](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/rails_intro.md)
- [CRUD in Ruby on Rails](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/rails_crud.md)
- [Styling for Rails](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/style.md)
- [Associations and Authentication Systems](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/authentication.md)
- [Many-to-Many Associations and Automated Testing - Integration, Functional, Unit](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/many_to_many_auto_testing.md)
- [Real-time Rails - MessageMe Chat App using Action Cable and Websockets](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/realtime.md)
- [Stock Tracker Social Media App](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/stocktracker.md)

Commit message:

ruby finance tracker notes devise

root/ruby/README.md, after:

# Ruby

[The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-ruby-on-rails-developer-course/)

## Projects
- [MessageMe](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/message_me)
  - Real time messaging ap to learn how ActionCable works from [this chapter](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/realtime.md)
- [FinanceTracker](https://github.com/hungrypc/rails_stock_tracker_app)
  - Stock tracking social media app to learn about rapid prototyping, how to use devise, and utilizing APIs from [this chapter](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/stocktracker.md)

## Chapters

- [The Ruby Programming Language](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/ruby.md)
- [Introduction to Ruby on Rails](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/rails_intro.md)
- [CRUD in Ruby on Rails](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/rails_crud.md)
- [Styling for Rails](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/style.md)
- [Associations and Authentication Systems](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/authentication.md)
- [Many-to-Many Associations and Automated Testing - Integration, Functional, Unit](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/many_to_many_auto_testing.md)
- [Real-time Rails - MessageMe Chat App using Action Cable and Websockets](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/realtime.md)
- [Stock Tracker Social Media App](https://github.com/hungrypc/notes/blob/master/root/ruby/stocktracker.md)
